doc: updates on external debug prob in Thingy:91 guide (#8884)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_thingy91.rst

For an overview of different types of build files in the |NCS|, see :ref:`app_build_output_files`.

There are multiple methods of programming a sample or application onto a Thingy:91.

> The method using an external debug probe is recommended to program the Thingy:91.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to use an external debug probe to program the Thingy:91.
```
